# README

The inspiration for this app came from two thoughts that many ACFers have been sharing since the quarantine period started: (1) That they feel unmotivated to do anything, including keep up with spiritual disciplines, since being at home, not being outside, being cut off from brothers and sisters, etc. and (2) That they feel disconnected, cut off from other members of the body since we can't be physically together. This app hopes to address both of those challenges by providing some challenges to keep up with disciplines (some spiritual, some lifestyle), while being part of a team and competing against other teams. Some of the core functions of the app:

The first core function is that users should be able to create and log into accounts, with a username and password, and select the team that they are a part of. An idea is also to implement the use of profile pictures, as that may be useful in creating an environment of connectedness, but as of right now, this doesn't appear to be a core function. Another idea may be to add user types, such as admins (probably cell leaders), that will have the ability to add/edit/delete things, but this can be implemented at a later date.

A second core function is that users, after logging in, should be able to view the standings (how many total points each team has accrued), as well as the list of tasks along with their point values, and which tasks they have completed. This would mean that the app should have the functionality to automatically calculate the number of points an individual team/user has accrued. An addition to this that may be nice but is not necessary is the ability to view leaderboards (who has accrued the most points overall/in each team), and see what tasks other users have completed.

Users should also be able to upload submissions and mark tasks that they have completed. In the case of mistakes, they should also have the ability to delete their submissions, unmark tasks as completed, and completely reset their account. One important feature of this is to be able to optionally upload a photo/video documenting their completion of the task. Hopefully, having this feature will aid in the social experience of this app. An addition to this that I believe would be helpful but am not currently sure how to implement is the ability for a user to view the feed of recent submissions + photo/videos.

Lastly, users should have the ability to reset passwords somehow if they forget (maybe we can add an email field), and delete their accounts if they wish. In the latter case, the user should archived, not destroyed, and the points that they have accrued for their team should not be taken off.

This app is being tested and used for the first time in summer 2020, and if successful, can hopefully be reused by future cell leaders in the years to come. 